All objects have properties associated with that object.
How do we access a property of the object these two ways?
The ones by using the dot notation?
And then you just state the property name after the Dutch and the other one is square brackets.
And then you can write the property name in between it.
Let me show you what I mean.
Let's start accessing some properties.
Remember how we said dot or square brackets, it's trite, so let's access the object in our case,
it's like, let's say we want to access the make.
And we just have to console.log it.
So look.
There you go is the name of the bike Yemen.
What about using square bracket notation?
It's console.log like open square brackets and its type in the property name, but said We want in color.
Now you got those blue.
What about a method?
It's the same thing, it's execute the method by accessing by using the dot notation.
We've called it sound and not to execute a method.
And we're going to be getting into functions later on in the schools.
But you have to follow it by parentheses.
You go console logs from now.
The other thing I didn't mention in the lecture is that we can use the dot and square notation not only
to access properties and meters, but to also set new properties and to set new methods on the object.
What am I mean?
What is she?
Six new properties on the object.
We can now say bike.
And what property do we want to add?
Let's just say Typekit, and we want the type to display the type of fuel consumption, petrol or diesel
that say this is petrol and let's do the same thing.
But using bracket notation.
And let's say this is the yeah.
We have to close it in a strength, and it's a it's a 2019 model.
We have literally now entered these properties to the black object.
I prove that to you if we just console black art.
You can see we've included Typekit and the Earth with this notation.
And what about if we attach a property to an object, but we don't assign a value, we don't assign
it to value?
Well, in this case, it's not going to be null.
It'll be undefined.
You, me, show you what I mean.
They'd said, we want to put.
The model wanted this, but we leave it like this.
We don't actually assign a value to model on a bike.
What do you think's going to happen if I try and console this console.log bike model?
They have it.
It's undefined, it's not now.
So these are some cool nuances with objects.
But remember, on the previous Lake Charles has said that all objects have properties.
Well, you get some very weird results on the back of this.
Let me show you a few examples.
So let's delete all of this.
And I kind of feels weird because I write all this stuff and then just delete it.
It's like digging a hole only to fill it up again.
But anyway, we're learning.
It's the price we pay.
So let me give you a few examples of what I mean when I say all objects have properties and we can attach
properties to any object.
Let me say here.
Uh, did you say you can edit properties?
To just about anything in JavaScript, and let's just go with example one for final.
This just creates an empty object left empty, be an empty object.
Now, let's attach a property called a M.T.A.
And if we console out empty, we can our property and just bear in mind, that ain't got a nothing until
we assign a value high to their property.
But this is an object and we know we can add properties to objects.
What about if we create an array?
So let's give you another example.
Let's look at the example number two.
It's comment all this at.
Now, let's say we create an empty array, and again, we can put a property on you, empty loyalty
equals.
All right.
And if we console.log that out, that's an array with a property high.
But you've got to be careful with stuff like this because although it can add property to anything in
JavaScript with just about anything doesn't mean we should.
In this instance, it might mess up for loops.
But it gets weirder.
Look at this.
The comment this up again.
And this look at the third example, we can define a function called empty.
Nothing in it.
We can also take a property to that.
And if we log it out, we get a function with the property, we'll say, well, let's make it high to
be consistent with everything else.
How weird is this?
You can just put properties on anything in JavaScript, just about anything.
It's continue.